Improve readme section about local development (#236)
elamperti/OpenWebScrobbler: README.md

You may use it directly from here: [https://openscrobbler.com/](https://openscrobbler.com/)

What is _scrobbling_, you ask? It's tracking the music you listen to, using [last.fm](https://last.fm/).

## Help us make it better!

This tool is open source and free. You can support its development by [becoming a Patron](https://www.patreon.com/OpenScrobbler) (you'll have a distinct identifier in the application and get a sneak peek into what's coming next! :sparkles: )

### Contributing

Contributions and suggestions are welcome. Please read the [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/elamperti/OpenWebScrobbler/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information. Issues labeled with ["help wanted"](https://github.com/elamperti/OpenWebScrobbler/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22help+wanted%22) are great candidates if you don't know where to begin!

### Translations

To join the translators team, follow the link at the bottom of the language selector in the application ("Want to add your language?").

## Development setup

> You need a [Last.fm API account](https://www.last.fm/api/account/create) to be able to interact with OpenWebScrobbler and query Last.fm database.
> 
> You need a [Discogs API application](https://www.discogs.com/settings/developers) to be able to query Discogs database.

Reviewer: Possible simplification/improvement for these lines and the list below:

```suggestion

  - Clone the repository
  - Copy `.env` to `.env.development.local`, then set at least  the required variables
    - You'll need a [Last.fm API account](https://www.last.fm/api/account/create) to be able to interact with Open Scrobbler (it's used for authentication and queries). Once you have your keys, fill in `REACT_APP_LASTFM_API_KEY` and `LASTFM_API_KEY` (same value in both) and `LASTFM_SECRET`

    - Optional:  to interact with Discogs, create a [Discogs application](https://www.discogs.com/settings/developers) to get API keys and fill in `DISCOGS_API_KEY` and `DISCOGS_SECRET`
```

I'd also add two comments in `.env` specifying required/optional sections:

```
# Required
REACT_APP_HOST=localhost:3000
REACT_APP_LASTFM_API_KEY=
LASTFM_API_KEY=
LASTFM_SECRET=
SQLITE_DB_PATH=/var/www/html/database/development.db

# Optional
DISCOGS_API_KEY=
DISCOGS_SECRET=
REACT_APP_ANALYTICS_MEASUREMENT_ID=
REACT_APP_GROWTHBOOK_API_KEY=
REACT_APP_LINK_TO_TRANSLATIONS="https://github.com/elamperti/OpenWebScrobbler/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#translations"
REACT_APP_SENTRY_DSN=

# Only for development: uncomment and set these numbers to your user/group IDs
# APACHE_RUN_USER=#1000
# APACHE_RUN_GROUP=#1000
```
